[br: 0.3.0-dev] fix expose field as string and clarify it should be unique (#298)
oam-dev/spec: 3.component_model.md

| `arch` | `string` | N |  | The CPU architecture required to host (all of) the component's containers (since containers share physical hardware with the underlying host). Possible values include:<ul><li>i386</li><li>amd64</li><li>arm</li><li>arm64</li></ul> Default can be none and let the runtime chose architecture. |
| `containers` | [`[]Container`](#container) | N | | The OCI container(s) that implement the component. |
| `workloadSettings` | [`Properties`](#properties) | N | | Declaration of non-container settings that should be passed to the workload runtime |

> | `expose` | `string` | N | | The name of information that the component will output, it MUST be unique globally |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expose` | `string` | N | | The name of secret containing the information this component will output. The name should be unique in the same namespace. |
```
